Connectivity review (#1047)
ARMmbed/Handbook: docs/reference/runtime/static_memory_optimization.md

| Subtotals           | 53932 |  2312 | 10520 |
+---------------------+-------+-------+-------+
```
<!---Is there a reason this is in backticks?--->
The `features/frameworks` module includes the Mbed OS test tools, even if you are no longer testing your program. Because of this, you are building one of our test harnesses into every binary. [Removing this module](https://github.com/ARMmbed/mbed-os/pull/2559) saves a significant amount of RAM and flash memory.

#### `Printf` and UART

> The linker can also remove other modules that your program does not use. For example, [Blinky's](https://github.com/ARMmbed/mbed-os-example-blinky) `main` program doesn't use `printf` or UART drivers. However, every Mbed OS module handles traces and assertions by redirecting their error messages to `printf` on serial output. This forces the `printf` and UART drivers to compile in and requires a large amount of flash memory.

Reviewer: Query: Can we change "to compile in" to "to compile" and keep the meaning?

Author: I think so.

Author: ```suggestion
The linker can also remove other modules that your program does not use. For example, [Blinky's](https://github.com/ARMmbed/mbed-os-example-blinky) `main` program doesn't use `printf` or UART drivers. However, every Mbed OS module handles traces and assertions by redirecting their error messages to `printf` on serial output. This forces the `printf` and UART drivers to compile and requires a large amount of flash memory.
```

}
```

<span class="notes">**Note:** Different compilers yield different results. Compiling with one compiler yields different memory usage savings than compiling with another.</span>

> <!---Snappy, but redundant--->

Reviewer: What about "Note: Different compilers yield different memory savings."?

- The code that the compiler injects consumes memory.
- It implies dynamic memory allocation and thus requires the binary to include `malloc`, even when the application does not use it.

> When you run an application on an embedded device, you don't need handlers to destroy objects when the program exits, because the application will never end. You can save more RAM and flash memory usage by [removing destructor registration](https://github.com/ARMmbed/mbed-os/pull/2745) on application startup and by eliminating the code to destruct objects when the operating system calls `exit()` at runtime.

Reviewer 2: You can save more... -> To save more RAM and... remove destructor registration... and eliminate code...

Author: ```suggestion
When you run an application on an embedded device, you don't need handlers to destroy objects when the program exits, because the application will never end. To save more RAM and flash memory, [remove destructor registration](https://github.com/ARMmbed/mbed-os/pull/2745) on application startup and eliminate the code to destruct objects when the operating system calls `exit()` at runtime.
```
